The devportal is an app written in java springboot that allows me to register github projects as assets.  these assets can roll up into other assets via github projects.   So for instance hitorro-core and hitorro-util projects roll up ultimately to a springboot example.  Or there is the aoee project and structured logging that rollup into being used by the enterprise social media app (all found in https://github.com/geekychris today.  These projects all have readme and build mechanisms.  when we get to something runnable there maybe docker and kubernetes resources too.  the devportal should allow me to manage these, checkout and build them and at the docker / k8 level install run and monitor them on kubernetes.  Initially all projects are in the geekychris gitbhub but there maybe references eventually outside that org.  initially kubernetes will be run locally but eventually this could be a cluster or multiple clusters.  We should consider that devportal describes these assets including search and cross reference to other projects such as things that use that asset and things that asset consumes.  If the asset has an associated runtime such as kubernetes we should have ways to jump to monitoring / control tooling for k8.  Think of this tool as something that would manage dependencies, building, running and eventually provisioning new assets.  This will require access to git and to kubernetes.  It may also require going to each of the assets and updating the build, docker and kubernetes scripts.  Some assets use other services like postgress, memcache, redis, opensearch, minio etc.  For those we should have some seperate "meta assets that we can make our asset runtimes use those and share those resources if we so choose.  I want not only a runtime in spring, this runtime should easily dump all the state to or yaml that can be synrhonized to a devportal git repo all of its own.  There should also be a react ui that is modular and extensible.  Ask any questions to clarify.
